tan/philip/nrf_ble/BLE/Gatt/operations/GattDescriptorWriteOperation.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.BLE.Gatt.operations.GattDescriptorWriteOperation
tan/philip/nrf_ble/BLE/Gatt/operations/GattCharacteristicWriteOperation.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.BLE.Gatt.operations.GattCharacteristicWriteOperation
tan/philip/nrf_ble/ScanScreen/ScanningActivity.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.ScanScreen.ScanningActivity
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.ScanScreen.ScanningActivity$1
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.ScanScreen.ScanningActivity$2
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.ScanScreen.ScanningActivity$3
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.ScanScreen.ScanningActivity$4
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.ScanScreen.ScanningActivity$5
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.ScanScreen.ScanningActivity$6
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.ScanScreen.ScanningActivity$7
tan/philip/nrf_ble/BLE/PacketParsing/TattooMessage.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.BLE.PacketParsing.TattooMessage
tan/philip/nrf_ble/BLE/Gatt/operations/GattDescriptorReadOperation.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.BLE.Gatt.operations.GattDescriptorReadOperation
tan/philip/nrf_ble/FileWriting/FileManager.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.FileWriting.FileManager
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.FileWriting.FileManager$1
tan/philip/nrf_ble/GraphScreen/GraphSignal.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.GraphScreen.GraphSignal
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.GraphScreen.GraphSignal$1
tan/philip/nrf_ble/Events/TMSMessageReceivedEvent.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.Events.TMSMessageReceivedEvent
tan/philip/nrf_ble/BLE/BLEHandlerService.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.BLE.BLEHandlerService
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.BLE.BLEHandlerService$1
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.BLE.BLEHandlerService$2
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.BLE.BLEHandlerService$BtleScanCallback
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.BLE.BLEHandlerService$LocalBinder
tan/philip/nrf_ble/Events/Connecting/BLEIconSelectedEvent.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.Events.Connecting.BLEIconSelectedEvent
tan/philip/nrf_ble/FileWriting/TattooFile.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.FileWriting.TattooFile
tan/philip/nrf_ble/Algorithms/PWVAlgorithm.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.Algorithms.PWVAlgorithm
tan/philip/nrf_ble/BLE/Gatt/GattCharacteristicReadCallback.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.BLE.Gatt.GattCharacteristicReadCallback
tan/philip/nrf_ble/FileWriting/MarkerFile.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.FileWriting.MarkerFile
tan/philip/nrf_ble/Events/UIRequests/RequestBLEStopScanEvent.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.Events.UIRequests.RequestBLEStopScanEvent
tan/philip/nrf_ble/Vibration.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.Vibration
tan/philip/nrf_ble/Events/Connecting/BLEIconNumSelectedChangedEvent.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.Events.Connecting.BLEIconNumSelectedChangedEvent
tan/philip/nrf_ble/GraphScreen/UIComponents/OptionsMenu.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.GraphScreen.UIComponents.OptionsMenu
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.GraphScreen.UIComponents.OptionsMenu$1
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.GraphScreen.UIComponents.OptionsMenu$2
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.GraphScreen.UIComponents.OptionsMenu$3
tan/philip/nrf_ble/BLE/Gatt/CharacteristicChangeListener.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.BLE.Gatt.CharacteristicChangeListener
tan/philip/nrf_ble/Events/GATTConnectionChangedEvent.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.Events.GATTConnectionChangedEvent
tan/philip/nrf_ble/Events/UIRequests/RequestBLEStartScanEvent.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.Events.UIRequests.RequestBLEStartScanEvent
tan/philip/nrf_ble/GraphScreen/GraphActivity.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.GraphScreen.GraphActivity
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.GraphScreen.GraphActivity$1
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.GraphScreen.GraphActivity$2
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.GraphScreen.GraphActivity$3
tan/philip/nrf_ble/Algorithms/Biometric.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.Algorithms.Biometric
tan/philip/nrf_ble/Algorithms/ZeroCrossingAlgorithm.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.Algorithms.ZeroCrossingAlgorithm
tan/philip/nrf_ble/BLE/Gatt/operations/GattSetNotificationOperation.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.BLE.Gatt.operations.GattSetNotificationOperation
tan/philip/nrf_ble/BLE/PacketParsing/SignalSetting.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.BLE.PacketParsing.SignalSetting
tan/philip/nrf_ble/Events/PlotDataEvent.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.Events.PlotDataEvent
tan/philip/nrf_ble/Events/ScanListUpdatedEvent.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.Events.ScanListUpdatedEvent
tan/philip/nrf_ble/Events/Rendering/RenderTaskCompleteEvent.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.Events.Rendering.RenderTaskCompleteEvent
tan/philip/nrf_ble/Events/UIRequests/RequestChangeRecordEvent.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.Events.UIRequests.RequestChangeRecordEvent
tan/philip/nrf_ble/BLE/Gatt/operations/GattDisconnectOperation.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.BLE.Gatt.operations.GattDisconnectOperation
tan/philip/nrf_ble/Events/UIRequests/RequestEndBLEForegroundEvent.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.Events.UIRequests.RequestEndBLEForegroundEvent
tan/philip/nrf_ble/Events/UIRequests/RequestBLEDisconnectEvent.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.Events.UIRequests.RequestBLEDisconnectEvent
tan/philip/nrf_ble/ScanScreen/BLEScanIcon.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.ScanScreen.BLEScanIcon
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.ScanScreen.BLEScanIcon$1
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.ScanScreen.BLEScanIcon$2
tan/philip/nrf_ble/FileWriting/PulseFile.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.FileWriting.PulseFile
tan/philip/nrf_ble/NotificationHandler.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.NotificationHandler
tan/philip/nrf_ble/GraphScreen/UIComponents/DigitalDisplay.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.GraphScreen.UIComponents.DigitalDisplay
tan/philip/nrf_ble/Algorithms/BiometricAlgorithm.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.Algorithms.BiometricAlgorithm
tan/philip/nrf_ble/BLE/PacketParsing/BLEPacketParser.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.BLE.PacketParsing.BLEPacketParser
tan/philip/nrf_ble/BuildConfig.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.BuildConfig
tan/philip/nrf_ble/BLE/Gatt/GattManager.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.BLE.Gatt.GattManager
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.BLE.Gatt.GattManager$1
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.BLE.Gatt.GattManager$2
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.BLE.Gatt.GattManager$ConnectionStateChangedBundle
tan/philip/nrf_ble/Constants.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.Constants
tan/philip/nrf_ble/Events/GATTServicesDiscoveredEvent.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.Events.GATTServicesDiscoveredEvent
tan/philip/nrf_ble/BLE/TattooConnectionManager.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.BLE.TattooConnectionManager
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.BLE.TattooConnectionManager$1
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.BLE.TattooConnectionManager$2
tan/philip/nrf_ble/Events/UIRequests/RequestBLEConnectEvent.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.Events.UIRequests.RequestBLEConnectEvent
tan/philip/nrf_ble/GraphScreen/GraphRenderer.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.GraphScreen.GraphRenderer
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.GraphScreen.GraphRenderer$1
tan/philip/nrf_ble/ScanScreen/BLEScanIconManager.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.ScanScreen.BLEScanIconManager
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.ScanScreen.BLEScanIconManager$1
tan/philip/nrf_ble/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.DataBindingTriggerClass
tan/philip/nrf_ble/SickbayPush/SocketSSL.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.SickbayPush.SocketSSL
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.SickbayPush.SocketSSL$1
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.SickbayPush.SocketSSL$2
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.SickbayPush.SocketSSL$3
tan/philip/nrf_ble/Events/UIRequests/RequestBLEClearScanListEvent.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.Events.UIRequests.RequestBLEClearScanListEvent
tan/philip/nrf_ble/BLE/BLEDevices/DebugBLEDevice.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.BLE.BLEDevices.DebugBLEDevice
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.BLE.BLEDevices.DebugBLEDevice$1
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.BLE.BLEDevices.DebugBLEDevice$2
tan/philip/nrf_ble/Events/NUSPacketRecievedEvent.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.Events.NUSPacketRecievedEvent
tan/philip/nrf_ble/Events/UIRequests/RequestTMSSendEvent.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.Events.UIRequests.RequestTMSSendEvent
tan/philip/nrf_ble/BLE/BLEDevices/BLEDevice.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.BLE.BLEDevices.BLEDevice
tan/philip/nrf_ble/databinding/ActivityGraphBinding.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.databinding.ActivityGraphBinding
tan/philip/nrf_ble/GraphScreen/UIComponents/GraphContainer.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.GraphScreen.UIComponents.GraphContainer
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.GraphScreen.UIComponents.GraphContainer$1
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.GraphScreen.UIComponents.GraphContainer$2
tan/philip/nrf_ble/BLE/Gatt/GattDescriptorReadCallback.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.BLE.Gatt.GattDescriptorReadCallback
tan/philip/nrf_ble/Algorithms/SpO2Algorithm.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.Algorithms.SpO2Algorithm
tan/philip/nrf_ble/GraphScreen/UIComponents/Filter.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.GraphScreen.UIComponents.Filter
tan/philip/nrf_ble/BLE/Gatt/GattOperationBundle.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.BLE.Gatt.GattOperationBundle
tan/philip/nrf_ble/ScanScreen/Pulse.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.ScanScreen.Pulse
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.ScanScreen.Pulse$1
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.ScanScreen.Pulse$2
tan/philip/nrf_ble/BLE/Gatt/operations/GattOperation.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.BLE.Gatt.operations.GattOperation
tan/philip/nrf_ble/GraphScreen/UIComponents/DigitalDisplayManager.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.GraphScreen.UIComponents.DigitalDisplayManager
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.GraphScreen.UIComponents.DigitalDisplayManager$1
tan/philip/nrf_ble/Algorithms/BiometricsSet.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.Algorithms.BiometricsSet
tan/philip/nrf_ble/BLE/BLEDevices/BLETattooDevice.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.BLE.BLEDevices.BLETattooDevice
tan/philip/nrf_ble/Events/Sickbay/SickbayQueueEvent.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.Events.Sickbay.SickbayQueueEvent
tan/philip/nrf_ble/Events/TMSPacketRecievedEvent.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.Events.TMSPacketRecievedEvent
tan/philip/nrf_ble/databinding/ActivityScanningBinding.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.databinding.ActivityScanningBinding
tan/philip/nrf_ble/Events/UIRequests/RequestSendTMSEvent.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.Events.UIRequests.RequestSendTMSEvent
tan/philip/nrf_ble/Events/UIRequests/RequestStartScanEvent.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.Events.UIRequests.RequestStartScanEvent
tan/philip/nrf_ble/BLE/Gatt/operations/GattCharacteristicReadOperation.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.BLE.Gatt.operations.GattCharacteristicReadOperation
tan/philip/nrf_ble/SickbayPush/SickbayQueue.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.SickbayPush.SickbayQueue
tan/philip/nrf_ble/SickbayPush/SickbayPushService.java
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.SickbayPush.SickbayPushService
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.SickbayPush.SickbayPushService$1
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.SickbayPush.SickbayPushService$1$1
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.SickbayPush.SickbayPushService$2
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.SickbayPush.SickbayPushService$3
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.SickbayPush.SickbayPushService$4
 tan.philip.nrf_ble.SickbayPush.SickbayPushService$LocalBinder
